---
layout: post
title: Publications
subtitle: My Research Work
cover-img: /assets/img/yosemite.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/natur.jpg
share-img: /assets/img/yosemite.jpg
tags: [books, test]
---
**Luc Gerrits, Cyril Naves Samuel, Roland Kromes, François Verdier, Severine Glock, and Patricia Guitton-Ouhamou. 2021. Experimental Scalability Study of Consortium Blockchains with BFT Consensus for IoT Automotive Use Case. In Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems (SenSys '21). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 492–498. https://doi.org/10.1145/3485730.3493374**

Abstract:
Private or consortium blockchain networks have fewer verified participants and offer better throughput and transaction efficiency than public networks. However, as more and more blockchain consensuses are designed for private or consortium networks, their performances are often estimated without a practical use case implementation. In our use case, participants do not have to trust each other but still work together to build an ecosystem where users control their data and information. This paper analyzes the performance (transaction throughput, rejections, node participants) of Byzantine Fault Tolerant Consensus (BFT) using two blockchains: Hyperledger Sawtooth and Ethereum

**C. N. Samuel, S. Glock, F. Verdier and P. Guitton-Ouhamou, "Choice of Ethereum Clients for Private Blockchain: Assessment from Proof of Authority Perspective," 2021 IEEE International Conference on Blockchain and Cryptocurrency (ICBC), 2021, pp. 1-5, doi: 10.1109/ICBC51069.2021.9461085.**

Abstract: Enterprises are realizing their distributed ledger use-cases with private blockchains as it is more secure, efficient, and reliable compared to the public networks. Due to this reason we evaluate the behavior and performance of Ethereum clients namely Geth, OpenEthereum (Parity), and Hyperledger Besu along with their Proof of Authority consensus algorithms from an enterprise perspective. We propose a testing methodology adapted to Microsoft Azure Cloud infrastructure overcoming the drawbacks of existing works. We analyze the behavior in each of the clients from different Ethereum focused parameters. We propose a novel load-balancer middleware specific to Ethereum and integrate in our test tool for uniform and reliable distribution of transactions. We analyze the bottlenecks and their root causes in each of the clients and report it to the community.URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9461085&isnumber=9461049

**C. N. Samuel, G. Severine, B. David, F. Verdier and G. -O. Patricia, "Automotive Data Certification Problem: A View on Effective Blockchain Architectural Solutions," 2020 11th IEEE Annual Information Technology, Electronics and Mobile Communication Conference (IEMCON), 2020, pp. 0167-0173, doi: 10.1109/IEMCON51383.2020.9284886.**

Abstract: The automotive industry is evolving with connected, autonomous, and electric vehicles handling huge amounts of data exchanges between participants in its ecosystem. These data transactions should be certified and valid for the ecosystem to function in an efficient and trusted manner. To address the data integrity and provenance issues, we adopt blockchain technology. In this paper, we propose a consortium blockchain architecture to solve the popular use-case of odometer fraud in the automotive industry. We design the architecture from two approaches: a non-wallet and wallet-based vehicle data certification followed by its Qualitative and Quantitative evaluation.URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9284886&isnumber=9284815

**S. Cyril Naves, "Analytic hierarchy process integrated hybrid agent system for intelligent legal assistance," 2011 2nd International Conference on Intelligent Agent & Multi-Agent Systems, 2011, pp. 41-45, doi: 10.1109/IAMA.2011.6049001.**

Abstract: Legal systems developed around the world tend to be very complex in the eyes of a common man with no idea as to how to approach a judiciary seeking justice or exhibiting his right to information about a particular law. Mostly a man with a need for judicial assistance approaches with an advocate to deal with his case, but this may not be useful when a person is interested in knowing and applying the exact law approach to petty issues in his life and also to avoid being a scapegoat at sometimes by few advocates who elongates the case system for his benefits. The proposed approach has an intelligent hybrid agent system composed of two subsystems, law gatherer and law decider to address the two key issues, finding out right laws and making a right choice. The law gatherer subsystem is based on the ontology web service architecture to define the ontology which is used for processing the semantic content of gathered law information. The law gatherer subsystem is composed of a knowledge system that combines Case-Based Reasoning (CBR) and Rule-Based Reasoning (RBR). Simple Object Access protocol (SOAP) is used for establishing the communication interface and gathering XML-based contents between the agent system and the database system created, through remote procedure calls with condition parameters. In the second subsystem Law Decider, the Analytic Hierarchy Process which is a structured technique for dealing with complex decisions is used to make an optimal decision for satisfying the case structure of the individual. The proposed Hybrid agent system will assist the people with no judicial knowledge to feed their case details into the system to get the appropriate law suitable for that particular instance.URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6049001&isnumber=6048985

**Naves, S.C. (2011). IMPACT-Intelligent Memory Pool Assisted Cognition Tool : A Cueing device for the Memory Impaired. In: Wyld, D.C., Wozniak, M., Chaki, N., Meghanathan, N., Nagamalai, D. (eds) Advances in Computing and Information Technology. ACITY 2011. Communications in Computer and Information Science, vol 198. Springer, Berlin, Heidelberg. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-22555-0_30**

Abstract: Memory impairment results from a variety of disease such as Alzheimer, Parkinson, brain trauma and Aging. These people are obsessed with their current state and emotions when dealing with their environment with deteriorating memory in them. There are about 30 million people worldwide afflicted with this instance. They lose their insight into their own condition, forgetting even their loved ones, disability to locate their residence and a myriad of other inabilities. Medicine has evolved fast enough but still there is not a definite method to diagnose or a treatment for their memory loss. The only finding has revealed is due to the depletion of the brain cells and loss in hormone secretion to carry sensory messages. The appropriate reason for this behavior of cells is a mystery unsolved. While not only losing their pensive they develop a cold behavior, socially and emotionally they become unbalanced. The most common form of assistance to them is by caregivers or life logging through writing their reminiscences, taking photos of their surrounding and their close people, mobile phones etc .While all these can be of some form of help to this people it will result only in more stress to their already damaged brain resulting in depression and other mental problems. The proposed tool IMPACT acts like a second brain with a repository of memory comprising of their previous experiences in multimedia format which is sensed and fetched when they come across a similar person or surrounding thus enabling them to recall their senses about that situation engaging cueing interaction.

**Naves, S.C. (2011). B-SPECS: An Optic Based Recognition Tool for Blind. In: Nagamalai, D., Renault, E., Dhanuskodi, M. (eds) Advances in Parallel Distributed Computing. PDCTA 2011. Communications in Computer and Information Science, vol 203. Springer, Berlin, Heidelberg. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-642-24037-9_5**

Abstract: People with visual impairments usually know their environment using a wide range of tools and constant assistance from a peer. They are faced with problems such as an independent and a peaceful mode of aid .Even though a plethora of instruments such as canes built in with sensors can offer safety but in order to sense their surrounding there remains a void space. There exist a need for a system to offer uninterrupted and a reliable tutoring to the blind. This system: B-SPECS is one which helps solve the hassle and anxiety in the mind of a blind person offering continuous intelligence support. This paper proposes a novel spectacle model tool which assists the blind in recognizing their environment with a repository of images and intelligently identifying any new images which will trigger new learning of images achieving self directed learning. The image database is matched with a query image from the surrounding and the resultant is informed to the blind user with an audio enabled in the device. In case of a novel image, it is screened from the image sensor directed via a 3G enabled video conference requesting a help from a peer to the user. The image matching is done with a region based fuzzy feature matching in this optic based recognition. Blind can use this tool mitigating their dependency on others and freely adapt to their environment ensuring an effective learning of their place and easily carrying out their work with increased confidence.
