---
layout: post
title: Talks
subtitle: My Talks on Research
cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/thumb.png
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [ieee, acm, blockchain, automotive, ethereum,consensus,cyril naves]
---

**"Automotive Data Certification Problem: A View on Effective Blockchain Architectural Solutions," 2020 11th IEEE Annual Information Technology, Electronics and Mobile Communication Conference (IEMCON)**

Talk available on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oo37ENtsnwI).

Abstract: The automotive industry is evolving with connected, autonomous, and electric vehicles handling huge amounts of data exchanges between participants in its ecosystem. These data transactions should be certified and valid for the ecosystem to function in an efficient and trusted manner. To address the data integrity and provenance issues, we adopt blockchain technology. In this paper, we propose a consortium blockchain architecture to solve the popular use-case of odometer fraud in the automotive industry. We design the architecture from two approaches: a non-wallet and wallet-based vehicle data certification followed by its Qualitative and Quantitative evaluation.URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9284886&isnumber=9284815


**"Choice of Ethereum Clients for Private Blockchain: Assessment from Proof of Authority Perspective," 2021 IEEE International Conference on Blockchain and Cryptocurrency (ICBC)**

Talk available on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6YZfxMULHc).

Abstract: Enterprises are realizing their distributed ledger use-cases with private blockchains as it is more secure, efficient, and reliable compared to the public networks. Due to this reason we evaluate the behavior and performance of Ethereum clients namely Geth, OpenEthereum (Parity), and Hyperledger Besu along with their Proof of Authority consensus algorithms from an enterprise perspective. We propose a testing methodology adapted to Microsoft Azure Cloud infrastructure overcoming the drawbacks of existing works. We analyze the behavior in each of the clients from different Ethereum focused parameters. We propose a novel load-balancer middleware specific to Ethereum and integrate in our test tool for uniform and reliable distribution of transactions. We analyze the bottlenecks and their root causes in each of the clients and report it to the community.URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9461085&isnumber=9461049



